README.md, before:

# ReferralCandy Integration for Magento2

A Magento2 Module providing integration with
[Referral Candy](https://www.referralcandy.com/).

## Installation

This module can be installed via composer and the Magento2 command-line tool.
For example:

    composer require do-it-well/magento2-module-referralcandy
    ./bin/magento module:enable DIW_ReferralCandy
    ./bin/magento setup:upgrade

## Configuration

By default, the module will be "enabled", but inactive. The module will not
output anything to your site until it has been configured. If nothing else,
you will need to fill in the "App ID" and "Secret Key" fields, the values for
which can be found under the "Plugin tokens" sections of your Referral Candy
account profile.

Module configuration can be found under the Magento2 Admin Panel, in the
section:

**Stores** > **Settings** > **Configuration** > **Sales** > **Referral Candy** >
**Tracking**

Configuration options are:

| Option | Description                                       | Default |
|--------|---------------------------------------------------|---------|
| Enable | Allows module output to be completely toggled on/off | Yes |
| App ID | Identifier for your Referral Candy account. Nothing will be output unless this option has been configured. | (none) |
| Secret Key | The Secret Key for your Referral Candy account. Nothing will be output unless this option has been configured. | (none) |
| Send Invoice Email Copy To | (optional) Email Address to send a copy of Invoice Emails to. Leave blank to disable. | (none) |

Note that the "Send Invoice Email Copy To" option is dependent on the
"Send Invoice Email Copy Method" option under:

**Stores** > **Settings** > **Configuration** > **Sales** > **Sales Emails** >
**Invoice**

This option defaults to "Bcc", which is correct for Referral Candy. The email
copy will not be sent unless both options are set correctly.

## License

All module code within this repository is licensed under the MIT license. See
the LICENSE.md file for details.

Do It Well Limited is not in any way affiliated with Referral Candy. This module
has been developed independently, without any direction or explicit or implicit
endorsement or vetting on the part of those services to which it attempts to
integrate.

## Support

If you encounter any problems with this module, you may open an issue on GitHub
at https://github.com/do-it-well/magento2-module-referralcandy/issues

Premium support, assistance in module installation or configuration, or other
development services, can be obtained by contacting
[Do It Well Limited](https://do-it-well.co.uk/)

Commit message:

swap between configurations via "Connection Type"
previously, we always attempted to connect via all configured connection
types, but required that JavaScript connection-type details were filled
out.

This should not be required. Instead, give a "Connection Type" option,
analogous to the "Connection Type" listed in the "Integration" section
of the Referral Candy account area. Only ask for those configuration
options which are relevant to the selection Connection Type.

Then, use the Connection Type selection to determine which method we
attempt to use to talk to Referral Candy.

This change was started when, during testing, it was noticed that the
only way to acquire an email address to forward invoices to, appeared to
be to select the "Email" Connection Type, disabling the "Javascript"
Connection Type, in the "Integration" section of the Referral Candy
account area.

README.md, after:

# ReferralCandy Integration for Magento2

A Magento2 Module providing integration with
[Referral Candy](https://www.referralcandy.com/).

## Installation

This module can be installed via composer and the Magento2 command-line tool.
For example:

    composer require do-it-well/magento2-module-referralcandy
    ./bin/magento module:enable DIW_ReferralCandy
    ./bin/magento setup:upgrade

## Configuration

By default, the module will be "enabled", but inactive. The module will not
output anything to your site until it has been configured. You will need to
fill out the "Connection Type", and the relevant options for the selected type.
The values for the "Email" type can be found under the "Integration" section of
your Referral Candy account, while the values for the "JavaScript" type can be
found under the "Plugin tokens" sections of your Referral Candy account profile.

Module configuration can be found under the Magento2 Admin Panel, in the
section:

**Stores** > **Settings** > **Configuration** > **Sales** > **Referral Candy** >
**Tracking**

Configuration options are:

| Option | Description                                       | Default |
|--------|---------------------------------------------------|---------|
| Enable | Allows module output to be completely toggled on/off | Yes |
| Connection Type | The type of connection to ReferralCandy, from the "Integration" section of your account. | Email |
| App ID | (only for "JavaScript" connections) Identifier for your Referral Candy account. | (none) |
| Secret Key | (only for "JavaScript" connections) The Secret Key for your Referral Candy account. | (none) |
| Forward or BCC your invoices to this email | (only for "Email" connections) Email Address to send a copy of Invoice Emails to. | (none) |

Note that the "Forward or BCC your invoices to this email" option is dependent
on the "Send Invoice Email Copy Method" option under:

**Stores** > **Settings** > **Configuration** > **Sales** > **Sales Emails** >
**Invoice**

This option defaults to "Bcc", which is correct for Referral Candy. The email
copy will not be sent unless both options are set correctly.

## License

All module code within this repository is licensed under the MIT license. See
the LICENSE.md file for details.

Do It Well Limited is not in any way affiliated with Referral Candy. This module
has been developed independently, without any direction or explicit or implicit
endorsement or vetting on the part of those services to which it attempts to
integrate.

## Support

If you encounter any problems with this module, you may open an issue on GitHub
at https://github.com/do-it-well/magento2-module-referralcandy/issues

Premium support, assistance in module installation or configuration, or other
development services, can be obtained by contacting
[Do It Well Limited](https://do-it-well.co.uk/)
